# news-summary-youtube-chanel
The goal of the channel is to provide a documented summary through which to provide accurate information service while providing time factor   provideprəˈvīd Translations of provide VerbFrequency تزود provide, supply, stock, tool up مد extend, provide, expand, stretch, spread, prolong زود provide, supply, furnish, equip, fit, assort نص على provide جهز prepare, equip, outfit, fit, provide, get ready احتاط reserve, provide اشترط stipulate, provide تأهب prepare, stand by, set, get ready, square up to, provide وضع شروط provide Definitions of provide Verb 1 make available for use; supply. Royal Engineers were also looking at renovating the existing water system and providing a more reliable supply. Synonyms: supplygiveissuefurnishcome up withdispensebestowimpartproduceyieldbring forthbeardeliverdonatecontributepledgeadvancesparepart withallocatedistributeallotput upfork outlay outante uppony up 2 make adequate preparation for (a possible event). The plan provides for a framework for the management of acid sulfate soils. Synonyms: prepareallowmake provisionbe preparedarrangeget readyplancater 3 stipulate in a will or other legal document. It provides that it is unlawful for a public authority to act in a way which is incompatible with a Convention right. Synonyms: stipulatelay downmake it a conditionrequireorderordaindemandprescribestatespecify 4 appoint an incumbent to (a benefice). Sometime after April 18, 1378, he was provided to the bishopric by Urban, and consecrated before March 26, 1379. Examples of provide neither will provide answers to these problems 29 more examples Synonyms of provide Verb make availableequipsupplyfeedtake precautionspreparestipulatecaterleaveput up 79 more synonyms
The problem that I think of is how can I be sure of the source of the news and very quickly so that I can deal with the vast amount of news and rumors
